12/16: Project and quiz earlier this week, learned a lot and huge improvement from classification.
Onto clustering with wrangle and exploring data lessons and exercises.  A bit behind on this repo 
but will have the break to catch up, review previous material, and work ahead.

12/13: Be like a proton, always positive

12/12: Today was difficult but I learned a lot exploring the database and the Codeup material. 
I was behind due to some family obligations and pushed hard through the weekend for exercises and 
Zillow presentation. I learned a lot today and will only get better!

12/08: "Talent is a pursued interest. In other words, anything you are willing to practice, you can do." - Bob Ross

12/07: Evaluating regression model exercises and review then onto feature engineering and exercises.
Knocked out a few hours before class which helped heaps, got to use the time when I get it.  We're
moving along through regression fairly quickly.

12/06: Continue data exploration, some great code from classmates, I'll be going over my work next 
few days.  Onto evaluation regression models, lecture was easy to follow and hopefully I can power through exercises following.  Schedule is going to be all over the place this week due to the 
circumstances.  Had a good chat with Ryan and I appreciate how understanding he is, goal is to stay
ontop of all the material this week even if that is working through nights and weekend..

12/03: Fantastic review day going over scaling exercises first and then reviewing over questions we 
have had over the past few weeks.  Solid review need to refer back too.  Followed with explore 
exercises that I can follow but having some difficulty with establishing the functions.

12/02: Solid review and great real world context in regards to wrangle exercise review.  Followed by
lesson on scaling. Exercises followed

12/01: Half day - Review on data wrangle and lessons on regression

11/30: Following quiz started lecture on regression, got an overview followed by a solid lecture on 
wrangling data, picked up on a few new code tricks and great refresher on data prep.

11/29: First machine learning presentation day.  Felt I did alright but between the group feedback 
and my peers, I learned a lot and took good notes to have a stronger presentation in the future. Glad
to have kept my presentation short and precise as many people went way too long.  I do need to better
visually and represent my data better.  Can only get better with each presentation, right!

11/22: Review of logistic regression followed by introduction of telco_churn project. Really ties 
together a lot of the previous exercises.  Feel very motivated to get my MVP done quickly this week
and to have the bulk of the project done before the Thanksgiving break

11/19: KNN and logistic regression lessons and exercises.  KNN was easy to grasp but had difficulty 
with LR as I don't have a strong math background and little exposure to regression.  Power through 
the code with little setbacks and going to focus energy on previous exercises this weekend 

11/18: Caught up on the recording of the Decision Tree lesson followed by a lesson and exercises for 
Random Forest.  Having issues with some of functions and going over prepare.py for a stronger toolkit
for our exercises.  Still a tad behind where I would like to be but determined to catch up! 

11/17: Was present but unable to participate in class due to needing to watch my kid. Realize that 
missing just one day (half day) over how behind I now feel.  Goal is to be fully caught up come Friday.

11/16: Finished our lesson on tidy data followed by exercises.  Last half of the day spent on 
classification evaluation.  Not all clicked but lots of good information provided and hopefully the 
exercises ahead can help reinforce the material.

11/15: Further exploration of exercises.  Learned new code and data classification but overall 
struggled with the exercises.  Always chance to improve with practice.  We started lesson on tidy 
data which resonated well.  I am optimistic and determined to get a better grasp of these lessons.

11/13: Great lecture on exploratory data analysis.  Great run through the Titanic dataset.  Moving
forward I want to need to get strong at quickly developing a MVP and then edit through my data and 
code as time permits.  I felt a tad behind this week with some errors I was facing and was able to 
work through them. 

11/12: Great lesson on exploratory data analysis primarily using the titanic dataset.  Bringing a lot
of concepts together.  Though the datasets aren't my favorite, I am excited to practice the lessons 
into my code to make new discoveries.

11/11: Day off and just took care of some code review

11/10: Great lecture on data preparation within our classification module.  Learned a few new neat 
python code and mainly defining functions and using across multiple pages.  It is awesome to see so
much starting to come together with our previous lessons.

11/09: Stats quiz and review.  Good section through the course, stats was dense but the concepts 
started to really come together.  Followed with the beginning of classification.  Lots of great 
material provided and ended the day with exercises with uploading different formats of data.

11/08: Chi squared and hypothesis testing lessons. Few exercises closed out the day.  Focus is to 
just keep working on statistics for the test tomorrow.  

11/05: Great lesson on correlation and Pearson's correlation coefficient, concepts clicked but
had some struggle with the coding exercise with getting everything to fit in. No lie, stats is dense
but super important, need to keep things fresh and do additional study time the next few days

11:04: 

11/03: Always appreciate a short day to catch up on life.  Today we worked on probability 
distributions.  Not going to lie in that I greatly struggled with these exercises.  Looking forward
to time this weekend to dive deeper into stats, it is a very dense subject that everyone states is 
vital to data science.

11/02: Statistics through pandas.  Lots learned today and lots to still learn.  Review of these
Lessons will be critical.  Followed by a strong lesson on probability distributions.  Followed along
Well but as always I assume that the exercises ahead will require a personal deep dive beyond the
 material to grasp the concepts.

11/01: Great conversation regarding stress and support with our bootcamp.  Appreciate the open communication and strong feedback from Ryan.  Great feedback from our presentations and can only improve with each assignment.  Ended the day with a great stats lesson, excited to practice with the code from our lesson.

10/26: Further discussion into storytelling focused on the "create" stage (yesterday was "understand").  Learned of some new great tools like Trello 
and ways to build the foundation for a project which is new to me without already having my target goal in mind with data.  
Most of the day was exploring data and slogging through spreadsheets, not going to lie that after SQL and pandas, spreadsheets is a chore.


10/25: Focus today was on storytelling.  Great lecture that I took heaps of notes on understanding the importance of narrative to display and project our data.  
Great deal of references and supplemental material through the canva presentation.  Followed with a self-exploration of graph exercise.  Found some amazing resources through the dive.

10/24: Few hours to work on pandas during the weekend.  Even though we have finished the lesson I need to keep these skills sharp.  The more exercises the better I will get.

*10/22: Pandas quiz and review followed by introduction to spreadsheets.  Learned a few new functions 
But most of the lesson I have previously touched at during my employment history.

*10/21: Exercises and review of seaborn. Useful tool that can make some fantastic plots very quickly.
With experience I can see myself capable of making some powerful representation of data using this tool.  Ended the day with a review of pandas.  
This week has been tiring for me so looking forward to getting some rest following tomorrow.

*10/20: Today we reviewed advanced data frames with pandas followed by an introduction to seaborn. 
Overall good day that I followed with more supplemental information.  Appreciate the half day, feel like
I have made good progress the past week but that there is just so much information to maintain.  We will see how the quiz goes tomorrow 

*10/19: Advanced data frames for pandas. Lessons and challenging exercises which took most of the day.  
Was able to finish at the last minute and will clean up my code with the review.  Ryan provided great supplemental material for pandas which I also started working through.  Pandas is dense but essential, 
more problems I work through the better I will get.


*10/18: Python Databases! Review of the exercises finished on Friday/Weekend.  Onto more advanced 
databases which I consider the big accomplishment of the day was learning how to link my SQL 
database onto my Jupyter and thus using pythonic code to query search through the database.  
Also a refresher on .gitignore and the importance of which.  Good lesson to start Monday off

*10/15: Worked through a great deal of pandas exercises, learned some interesting techniques through classmates explaining their code.  Following learned about data frames within pandas.  
The lesson felt dense but clicked very well with me.

*10/14: Started on Pandas primarily through series, vectorized operations,  and plotting.  Power of str. - methods vs attributes

*10/13: Continued numpy and got to improve my skills on list comprehension
Which is always ideal for python.

*10/12: The power of Numpy

*10/11: Worked thru exercises via Matplotlib and strengthened my knowledge through the given material.  Ended the day learning about Numpy, which is a super powerful tool for python.

*10/08: Today I learned about Matplotlib.  It was a dense lecture that I plan on working on through the weekend.

* 10/04: Refresher on python functions primarily focused on control structures.  The lecture was straightforward but the exercises proved to be extremely challenging for me. 
Working through them with my breakout room and help from the TAs was able to strengthen my code.  Need to just work on it everyday to become a stronger programer.

* 10/01: Refreshed python base level skills going over mainly tuples, strings, dictionary, integer, float, etc.  Few exercises to review the basics of python.
(also my son is one month old today! I really enjoy being a father)

* 9/30: Mainly a quiz on SQL and intro to python

* 9/29: Exercises on case statements and spent the evening refreshing myself on SQL in preparing for our quiz

* 9/28: Further expansion of temporary tables and intro into case statements

* 9/27: I learned about subquerys in SQL, spent most of the day on exercises.  I understand the importance of subquerys but 
I found that I was able to get through the problems running Joins and often could get to the answer with less code.  Regardless it was an 
important lesson to learn.  We also learned about temporary tables which Ryan showed us can be extremely useful in the workplace if you find yourself 
continually writing the same code.  

* 9/23: Further development of join statements in SQL, spent the day on challenging exercises that were rewarding to complete.  Shout out to Ryan, for helping me grasp a greater understanding.

* 9/22: Composite Keys, Join Statements, Learned a great deal more on grouping statements
* 9/21: Grouping statements in SQL
* 9/20: Today I learned about SQL Causes and Limit.  I gained a stronger understanding of using querys.